Question No : 1 -
Which of the following statements is true when querying the extended attributes of a file
that has no extended attributes set?
A. getfattr will print a warning and exit with a value of 0.
B. getfattr will print a warning and exit with a value of 1.
C. No output will be produced and getfattr will exit with a value of 0.
D. No output will be produced and getfattr will exit with a value of 1.

Answer : C

Question No : 2 -
Which directive must be set to 0 in a host or service definition to prevent Nagios from
sending more than one alert for a particular event? (Specify only the directive without any
options or parameters).

Answer : notification_interval

Question No : 3 -
What are the steps which must be followed to enable serverwide zone transfers between
two BIND 9 servers securely using TSIG?
A. Generate a key, specify the public key in the named configuration on both servers, create a server statement in the named configuration on both servers.
B. Generate a key, specify the private key in the named configuration on both servers, create a server statement in the named configuration on both servers.
C. Generate a key, specify the private key in the named configuration on one server and the public key in the named configuration on the other, create a remote statement in the named configuration on both servers.
D. Generate a key, specify the private key in the named configuration on one server and the public key in the named configuration on the other, create a server statement in the named configuration on both servers.

Answer : B

Question No : 4 -
Where is the global list of known SSH host keys located? (Supply the full path and
filename)

Answer : /etc/ssh/ssh_known_hosts

Question No : 5 -
SELinux is a Linux feature that:
A. monitors system file access by unprivileged users and warns them when they are trying to gain access to files beyond their permission levels set in the Mandatory Access Control policies.
B. provides only Mandatory Access Control policies. Additional access control models such as Rolebased access control require additional tools to implement.
C. enforces Mandatory Access Control policies that can restrict user space programs and system servers to the minimum amount of privilege required to operate correctly.
D. ensures that system files referenced in the Mandatory Access Control policies are not modified and alerts administrators when changes occur.

Answer : C

Question No : 6 -
On a new Linux system, the root user is being asked to provide the root user password
before being able to use the su command. What line in the /etc/pam.d/su file will allow root
to use su without supplying passwords?
A. auth required pam_norootpw.so
B. auth sufficient pam_norootpw.so
C. auth required pam_rootok.so
D. auth sufficient pam_rootok.so

Answer : D

Question No : 7 -
What command will list basic information about all targets available to cryptmount?
(Provide the command with any options or parameters)

Answer :  cryptmount --list /usr/bin/cryptmount -l /usr/bin/cryptmount --list cryptmount -l


Question No : 8 -
What is the syntax error in the following simple Puppet configuration file?
class test_class {
file { "/tmp/test.txt":
mode => 600,
owner => root,
group => root
# Define the node
node testclient {
isa test_class

A. Comments begin with // character and not a #.
B. The colon (:) after /tmp/test.txt should be a semicolon (;).
C. class, node and file sections require a semicolon (;) at the end of their definitions.
D. isa should be include.

Answer : D

Question No : 9 -
Which tool, distributed with BIND 9, will check the syntax of a named configuration file?
(Supply only the program name, without any options or parameters)

Answer : namedcheckconf /usr/sbin/named- checkconf

Question No : 10 -
Under which path is the selinux pseudofilesystem found?
A. /dev/selinux
B. /sys/selinux
C. /selinux
D. /var/selinux
E. /proc/selinux

Answer : C


Question No : 11 -
What is the difference between an SELinux domain and an SELinux type?
A. A domain is a group of SELinux types.
B. A domain defines the range of access that an object has. A type is used to define an access level.
C. A domain is assigned to processes while a type is assigned to objects such as files and directories.
D. A domain is an alternative keyword for type.

Answer : C


Question No : 12 -
What openssl command will generate a selfsigned test certificate?
A. openssl req new x509 key privkey.pem out cacert.pem days 365
B. openssl sign key privkey.pem out cacert.pem days 365
C. openssl req key privkey.pem out cacert.pem days 365
D. openssl sign new x509 key privkey.pem out cacert.pem days 365

Answer : A

Question No : 13 -
What openssl command will generate a certificate signing request (CSR) using the private
key file privkey.pem?
A. openssl req key privkey.pem out cert.csr
B. openssl req new key privkey.pem out cert.csr
C. openssl gencsr key privkey.pem out cert.csr
D. openssl gencsr new key privkey.pem out cert.csr

Answer : B

Question No : 14 -
You have downloaded a file named file.tgz along with a signature file named file.tgz.asc.
Which commands can be used to verify that file.tgz has not been tampered with since the
file creator created the signature?
Assume that you have already retrieved the public key of the file creator. (Select THREE
correct answers)
A. gpg verify file.tgz.asc file.tgz
B. gpg verify file.tgz
C. gpg verify file.tgz.asc
D. gpgv verify file.tgz.asc
E. gpgv file.tgz.asc

Answer: A,C,E

Question No : 15 -
Which LUKS action, when supplied to the cryptsetup command, will initialize a LUKS
partition and set the initial key? (Provide only the action name)

Answer : luksFormat

Question No : 16 -
What is the purpose of snort inline?
A. To run the snort daemon without forking child processes.
B. To have iptables use snort rules to filter packets.
C. To have snort log suspicious activity only, without performing any actions
D. To run the snort daemon as a nonroot user.

Answer : B

Question No : 17 -
Which GPG command is used to sign a public key? (Select TWO correct answers)
A. gpg signpublickey UID
B. gpg signkey UID
C. gpg sign UID
D. gpg editkey UID followed with the sign command.
E. gpg editkey UID followed with the confirm command.

Answer : B,D


Question No : 18 -
Which of the following rule directives will email kevin@example.com and
matt@example.com when the Mail Configuration rule is violated?
A. ( rulename = "Mail Configuration", severity = $(SIG_HI), emailto = kevin@example.com, emailto = matt@example.com )
B. ( rulename = "Mail Configuration", severity = $(SIG_HI), emailto = kevin@example.com,matt@example.com )
C. ( rulename = "Mail Configuration", severity = $(SIG_HI), emailto = kevin@example.com;matt@example.com )
D. ( rulename = "Mail Configuration", severity = $(SIG_HI), emailto = kevin@example.com, emailcc = matt@example.com )

Answer : C

Question No : 19 -
An administrator can prevent dictionary based attacks against an OpenSSH server by
forcing keybased authentication with which TWO parameters in sshd_config?
A. PasswordAuthentication
B. HostKey
C. PrivatekeyAuthentication
D. PubkeyAuthentication
E. ServerKey

Answer : A,D

Question No : 20 -
Which of the following can be done to secure a BIND server? (Select THREE correct
answers)
A. Run the BIND daemon as a nonroot user.
B. Configure ACLs.
C. Require clients to authenticate with a password before querying the server.
D. Run the BIND daemon in a chroot jail
E. Encrypt DNS traffic using SSL/TLS.

Answer: A,B,E

Question No : 21 -
In Nessus, what does the acronym NASL stand for?

Answer : Nessus Attack Scripting Language

Question No : 22 -
You are certain that your kernel has been compiled with ACL support, however, when you
try to set an ACL on a file, you get the following output:
% setfacl m user:hugh:r afile.txt
setfacl: afile.txt: Operation not supported
What is the most likely reason for this problem?
A. There is an error in the command line parameters.
B. There is no user on the system named hugh.
C. The partition has not been mounted with the acl option.
D. The file afile.txt doesn't exist.

Answer : C

Question No : 23 -
Which of the following are valid ntop deployment scenarios? (Select THREE correct
answers)
A. Public Site
B. Switched Gateway
C. Simple Host
D. Border Gateway
E. Mirror Line

Answer: C,D,E

Question No : 24 -
Which of the following are common techniques for securing a sendmail server? (Select
THREE correct answers)
A. Maintain user accounts in an LDAP directory.
B. Enable TLS.
C. Disable VRFY.
D. Run sendmail in a chroot'd environment.
E. Disable USRLKUP.

Answer: B,C,D

Question No : 25 -
Which of the following are valid Nagios objects? (Select THREE correct answers)
A. Contacts
B. Commands
C. Host Groups
D. Notification Groups
E. Programs

Anwser: A,B,C 
